[Term Entry] Swift Arrays .allSatisfy() (#2490)
Codecademy/docs: content/swift/concepts/arrays/terms/allSatisfy/allSatisfy.md

---
Title: '.allSatisfy()'
Description: 'Returns a Boolean expression indicating whether every element of a sequence satisfies a given condition.'
Subjects:
  - 'IOS'
  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'SwiftUI'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-Swift'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> ** .allSatisfy() ** is a Swift method that checks if all the elements in an array satisfies a given condition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**`.allSatisfy()`** is a Swift method that checks if all the elements in an array satisfies a given condition. 
```

## Syntax
```pseudo

> array.allSatisfy(condition)

Reviewer: We need a sentence here explaining what `condition` is, and what can be put there.

Author: Sentence added, please let me know if changes are needed

```

> ## Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example

```

> ```swift

Author: Added, please let me know if changes are needed

---
Title: '.allSatisfy()'
Description: 'Returns a Boolean expression indicating whether every element of a sequence satisfies a given condition.'
Subjects:

>   - 'IOS'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'iOS'
```

  - 'Mobile Development'
Tags:
  - 'Arrays'
  - 'Methods'
  - 'SwiftUI'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-Swift'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-swift'
```

  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> **`.allSatisfy()`** is a Swift method that checks if all the elements in an array satisfies a given condition. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**`.allSatisfy()`** is a Swift method that checks if all the elements in an array satisfy a given condition. 
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
array.allSatisfy(condition)
```

> `condition` runs a true/false test on an array or set of given input values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`condition`: An expression that is used to test the values in the array.
```

## Example

> In the example below, an array was created called numbers with the values of 2, 4, 6, 8. We want to know if all the values in our array is even so we use the .allSatisfy method to check each value against a condition of our choosing. The condition in this example confirms if a value is even by verifying it is divisble by 2. If all values in the array satsify this condition the output will be true. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the example below, an array called `numbers` is declared. Then the `.allSatisfy()` method  is used to evaluate if the elements of `numbers` are all even (divisible by two).
```

```swift

> //create array

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Create an array
```

let numbers = [2, 4, 6, 8]

> //create condition

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Specify the condition to be tested
```
